docs: Mention caveat about variable dependencies (#555)
just-the-docs/just-the-docs: docs/customization.md

$link-color: $blue-000;
```

> Keep in mind that changing a variable will not automatically change the value of other variables that depend on in.
> For example, the default link color is set to `$purple-000`, but redefining `$purple-000` in a custom color scheme will not automatically change `$link-color` to match it.
> The cascading of values from a variable that is redefined must be manually reimplemented, by copying the dependent rules from `_variables.scss` — in this case, `$link-color: $purple-000;`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that changing a variable will not automatically change the value of other variables that depend on it.
For example, the default link color (`$link-color`) is set to `$purple-000`. However, redefining `$purple-000` in a custom color scheme will not automatically change `$link-color` to match it.
Instead, each variable that relies on previously-cascaded values must be manually reimplemented by copying the dependent rules from `_variables.scss` — in this case, rewriting`$link-color: $purple-000;`.
```

Author: Thanks so much for the suggestions — they definitely help clarify the text! And thanks for catching that typo! :flushed:
